I started working at Udacity almost six years ago,
and my first project was helping to make
a course called How to Program A Self-Driving Car.
That course has since been renamed AI For Robotics,
and the lesson you are about to watch is the first lesson from that course.
Now I have had a lot of time in the last six years to learn
way more about self-driving cars than is even covered in this course.
But I still find myself re-watching
these lessons and every time I do, I learn something new.
At this point, I think I've seen the lesson you're about to watch maybe 10 times.
So if you're a long time Udacity student,
you might recognize this lesson and a few others you encounter in this Nanodegree.
You are of course welcome to skip any lesson that you don't feel like re-watching,
but I suspect that if you do choose to re-watch you'll probably pick up something new.
Either way, enjoy.